---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporal_namespace Resource - temporal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The temporal_namespace resource allows you to create and manage namespaces within a Temporal server. A namespace in Temporal is a logical grouping of workflows, which helps in isolating and organizing workflows and activities.
---

# temporal_namespace (Resource)

The `temporal_namespace` resource allows you to create and manage namespaces within a Temporal server. A namespace in Temporal is a logical grouping of workflows, which helps in isolating and organizing workflows and activities.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "temporal_namespace" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  retention_ttl = "365d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Namespace.

### Optional

- `data` (Map of String) Namespace data in key=value format.
- `description` (String) Namespace description.
- `history_archival_state` (String) History archival state. Accepted values: `disabled`, `enabled`. History archival must be enabled at the cluster level first to be able to enable it for a namespace.
- `history_archival_uri` (String) History Archival URI.
- `is_global` (Boolean) Whether that namespace should be a global namespace. Global namespaces must be enabled on the cluster to be able to promote a namespace to global.
- `owner_email` (String) Namespace owner email address.
- `retention_ttl` (String) Workflow execution retention TTL. E.g "24h", "365d".
- `visibility_archival_state` (String) Visibility archival state. Accepted values: `disabled`, `enabled`. Visibility archival must be enabled at the cluster level first to be able to enable it for a namespace.
- `visibility_archival_uri` (String) Visibility Archival URI.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Namespace ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a namespace using its ID
terraform import temporal_namespace.example 824ff1b0-3b8b-43b2-8742-bc74796cb043
```
