---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "temporal_schedule Resource - temporal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The temporal_schedule resource allows you to create and manage schedules for Temporal workflows. A schedule in Temporal defines when and how frequently a workflow should be executed.
---

# temporal_schedule (Resource)

The `temporal_schedule` resource allows you to create and manage schedules for Temporal workflows. A schedule in Temporal defines when and how frequently a workflow should be executed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Runs a Workflow every day at 1am UTC.
resource "temporal_schedule" "example" {
  name             = "Example Schedule"
  is_paused        = false
  pause_on_failure = false
  overlap_policy   = "skip"
  catchup_window   = "3h"

  action {
    workflow_id     = "exampleWorkflow-dailyRun"
    workflow_type   = "exampleWorkflow"
    task_queue_name = "example-task-queue"
    input_payload = jsonencode({
      myVar = "abc"
    })
  }

  spec {
    interval {
      every  = "1d"
      offset = "1h"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Schedule name.

### Optional

- `action` (Block, Optional) Details about the action this schedule triggers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `catchup_window` (String) The Temporal Server might be down or unavailable at the time when a Schedule should take an Action. When the Server comes back up, CatchupWindow controls which missed Actions should be taken at that point. An outage that lasts longer than the Catchup Window could lead to missed Actions. E.g. "10m", "3h".
- `is_paused` (Boolean) Whether that schedule is currently paused.
- `overlap_policy` (String) Controls what happens when an Action would be started by a Schedule at the same time that an older Action is still running. One of: `skip`, `buffer_one`, `buffer_all`, `cancel_other`, `terminate_other`, `allow_all`.
- `pause_on_failure` (Boolean) Whether that schedule should be paused after a failure.
- `spec` (Block, Optional) Describes when a schedules action should occur. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Required:

- `task_queue_name` (String) Name of the queue in which the workflow execution will be placed.
- `workflow_id` (String) ID given to the workflow execution this schedule starts.
- `workflow_type` (String) Name of the workflow definition this schedule starts.

Optional:

- `input_payload` (String) Input payload passed to the workflow execution. Must be a valid JSON string.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `interval` (Block Set) Interval-based specifications of times. Allows to run a workflow "every X seconds|minutes|hours|days". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--interval))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.interval`

Required:

- `every` (String) Period to repeat the interval. E.g "30s", "10m", "4h", "7d".

Optional:

- `offset` (String) Fixed offset added to the intervals period. For example, an `every` of 1h with `offset` of 0s would match every hour, on the hour. The same `every` but an `offset` of 19m would match every `xx:19:00`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a schedule using its name
terraform import temporal_schedule.example <schedule name>
```
